Are you wi-fi? Cause I am totally feeling a connection.
If I had to rate you from 1 to 10, I give you a 9, because I am the 1 you are missing.
Your eyes are like IKE maze A. I get totally lost in them.
If I had four quarters to give to the four prettiest people in the world, you would have a dollar!
Do you have a band aid? Because I scraped my knee falling for you.
If you were a booger, I would pick you.
You must be a ninja, cuz  you just snuck into my heart.
Was that an earthquake or did you just rock my world.
It must feel strange being the most beautiful human in the room.
You must be a magnet cuz the attraction I feel now, is enormous. 
There is someone wrong with my (insert robot term). It does not have your number.
Somebody call the cops because it has got to be illegal to look as good as you. 
If you were a transformer, you would be Optimus fine.
Did the sun come out, or was it just you?
Hey, I am Johnathan, can I crash at your place tonight?
Are you Bluetooth? Cuz I feel like we are pairing.
When i first looked at you, I looked for a signature. I figured every master piece had one.
You are like candy bar, half sweet, half nuts. I love it.
Excuse me, I think I dropped something.  My Jaw.
The only STD I have is a sexually transmitted desire, for you..
I was wondering if you are an artist because you were so good at drawing me in.
I would like to take you to the movies, but they do not let you bring in your own snacks.
I would never play hide and seek with you because someone like you is impossible to find.
Your hand looks heavy—can I hold it for you?
Wow, when God made you, he was seriously showing off.
Kiss me if I am wrong but, dinosaurs still exist, right?
You know, I had a pickup line ready to go, but you are so hot it just left my mind.
I am not currently an organ donor, but I would be happy to give you my nuts.
Are you any good at boxing? Because you look like a knockout.
If I were to ask you out on a date, would your answer be the same as the answer to this question?